Scene1

Greetings brave soul. You are about to undertake the most
difficult quest known to man, "dating". Our story begins with you,
our protagonist, walking to school as any ordinary day. You quickly 
make it to your high school and your first class. As the class starts, the teacher makes an
announcement, a new student will be attending the class. All of your fellow classmates
gossip about what type of student they are. The new student walks in. 
Everyone in the classrom gasp. you could not believe it. 
the most beautiful girl you have ever seen. The teacher tells the student to introduce herself.
"Hello, I'm Kathy", she announced to the class. And so, your quest to win Kathy's heart has begun.

endScene1

Scene2

Narrator: Before we begin the story to your inevitable humiliation, I would
like to ask you a couple of questions about what type of person you are. 

Narrator: First off, which quality do you believe is the most one to have?
1) Intellegence
2) Strength
3) Courage
4) Sensitivity
Narrator: Type in your response:

endScene2

Scene3

Narrator: Your father's occupation is:
1) Laywer
2) Police Officer
3) Politican
4) Stand-Up Comedian

endScene3

Scene4

Narrator: Your mother's occupation is:
1) Teacher
2) Manager
3) Nurse
4) Therapist

endScene4

Scene5

Narrator: The moment in your life that you're most proud of:
1) Winning the Science Fair
2) Being leader of a middle school club 
3) Played a prank on the entire class
4) Taking care of a dog

endScene5

Scene6

Narrator: Well, you're an absolutely boring person. 
I honestly have no idea how you're going to win her over, 
but lets continue with the story.

Narrator: You've decided to introduce yourself to Kathy.

endScene6

Scene8
 Please to meet you.
Kathy: The feeling is mutual.
Narrator: You decided to ask Kathy about herself.
"What is your favorite color?", you asked Kathy.
Kathy: "I don't know. Let me think about that, what is yours?"

endScene8

Scene11

Kathy: Okay! My turn. What's your favorite subject in school?
Narrator: Try to pick a subject that you do not sleep through.
Enter in your favorite school subject: 
endScene11


Scene12

Kathy: You seem to be a lot taller than how you're sitting
How tall are you?

Narrator: Enter in your height in feet and then inches, separated by a space or hitting enter.
endScene12

Scene13

Teacher: Alright everyone. Take out your books and turn to
page 394.

endScene13

Scene14

Narrator: After a long day of sleeping through the rest of classes, you decide to
take a break and reflect on the day. You begin to remember about the girl you met,
You think to yourself how she is the very first crush. You decide that you will 
ask her out but you realize, you don't have any hobbies, or skills, or even a 
job to pay for the dates. It's not like you can learn
any real dating advice from those dating sims games 
that you play. Plus there is only 100 days left till the end of 
the school year. 

Your real journey is about to begin.

endScene14

Scene15

Narrator: I'll explain the instructions to the game slowly so even you can understand it. Pay Attention!
You'll be shown a menu with a list of options that will describe what they do. Type in and
enter the corresiponding key to gain access to more options. Your mission is to earn money, learn skills, 
to finally woo over the girl. You have 100 energy at the start of the day. After doing tasks around
town, your energy will decrease. Once your energy reaches 0, you'll 
go back to your room and the next day will begin. If you ever need to view the game instructions again because 
you thought none of this was important.

endScene15

Scene16 

Narrator: You  decided to take Kathy out to the park on your first offical date. She begins to start asking you questions 
about if you truly know who she is about.

Kathy: Quiz Time! Wise Guy! What is my favorite food.

ensScene16 

Scene18

Kathy: Follow up question! What is my favorite movie? 

endScene18

Scene21

Narrator: Now you have decided to ask Kathy out to the amusement park. You've manage to win a couple of prizes for her
and you are both enjoying the moon reflect off the ground. Until suddenly, she begins to ask more questions. 

Kathy: Time for Round 2?! What is my blood type? 

endScene21